[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: You
are a full-blooded ET.
>>DEVARA THUNDERBEAT: I guess.
Well, all of us are,
I think, you know?
I was born through my mother.
But we came from Sirius.
They actually took me up in the
ship and brought me to Sirius A
and stopped me before we
got into Sirius A. He came
and did a circle around me.
And I said, what is he doing?
And he said, he's looking
for immoral implants.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NOORY: Welcome to this
edition of "Beyond Belief."
Devara Thunderbeat is a
sound healer, contactee,
and a great author.
She has had contact with
angels, extraterrestrials
ever since she
was a little girl.
Devara, welcome to the program.
>>THUNDERBEAT:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: How are you?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Wonderful.
I'm very excited to be here.
>>NOORY: How did this
all happen for you?
>>THUNDERBEAT: It started
when I was four years old.
>>NOORY: Four years old?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes.
I was playing in the driveway--
broad daylight, Upstate New
York.
And a-- I call it a cloud ship--
came over and pulled me up
into the ship.
>>NOORY: You got beamed up?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes.
I didn't see a beam.
But I remember
they're pulling me up.
And as they were
pulling me up, my mother
ran out of the house
trying to catch me,
and they pulled her up too.
That's where it all started.
>>NOORY: Were you screaming?
>>THUNDERBEAT: No.
Actually, they were so--
>>NOORY: You were calm?
>>THUNDERBEAT: I was very calm.
And when I was in
the ship, they put
me on, actually, a silver
table and rolled me
down this hallway.
And it was so peaceful.
And I was passing these
rooms with different colors,
and there were archways--
doorways.
And there were--
each room was lit up.
I don't know how it
was lit up because I
didn't see any mechanical
things inside the rooms.
But each room was
a different color.
And then they put me
into another room,
and they shined
golden light onto me.
And they said, your name is
Flying Eagle with Many Wings.
And then they brought
me back and then put me
in the driveway--
broad daylight.
>>NOORY: With your mother?
>>THUNDERBEAT: And but--
no, my mother wasn't there.
My mother ran out of the
house after they put me back,
and she goes, where
have you been?
I've been looking
all over for you.
I was ready to call the police.
And I said, Mom, I've
been playing here
in the driveway the whole time.
>>NOORY: Your
mother was panicked.
>>THUNDERBEAT: So
she couldn't find me.
So they brought her--
I guess they brought her up
and then brought her back.
And we both did not remember.
We didn't remember
what happened until--
>>NOORY: At that time?
>>THUNDERBEAT: --till I got a
regression with Dolores Cannon.
I remember bits and pieces.
And I go, what was that?
>>NOORY: What do you think
they wanted with a little
four-year-old?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Well,
I found out later.
It's actually my star family.
And they wanted to
remind me my mission.
>>NOORY: Are you a hybrid?
>>THUNDERBEAT: No.
>>NOORY: You're not?
>>THUNDERBEAT: No, I am not.
No.
I am-- I'm from
Sirius A, they said.
And I volunteered to come
here to help humanity.
>>NOORY: You are
a full-blooded ET.
>>THUNDERBEAT: I guess.
Well, all of us are,
I think, you know?
>>NOORY: Well, now,
here I am talking to you
on our "Beyond Belief" show.
Are you a human being or
are you an extraterrestrial?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes,
I'm a human being.
>>NOORY: You are a human being?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes, I was
born here through my mom.
>>NOORY: Not saying that to
be rude, but I had to ask you.
>>THUNDERBEAT: That's OK.
[LAUGHS] That's fine.
No, I was born
through my mother.
But we came from Sirius.
So a lot of us have
traveled, we just
don't remember that we come
from different planets,
and then either come here
to experience whatever
you want to experience
here on the planet Earth,
because we go to many planets
and experience many things
on different planets.
Everyone-- I shouldn't
say everyone.
I don't know that for a fact.
But I know a lot of people
are from different planets,
and they just-- they come to
experience and visit or help
because Earth was
calling for help.
Mother Gaia was going,
help me, please.
>>NOORY: It still is, I think.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Oh, absolutely.
So there's a lot of us
helping as much as we can.
>>NOORY: On this other planet,
what do they look like?
I'm always curious.
>>THUNDERBEAT: There is
many species on that planet.
The ones that they said
I'm connected with--
there was a lot of pink beings.
They kind of look
Grey-shaped, like the Greys.
But they're all pink.
>>NOORY: Big heads?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Bigger
heads, bigger eyes.
But they're pink.
And they are very loving
and beautiful emotions.
Like, I've met Greys.
I've met many species, over
a dozen different kinds
of species.
And the Greys are
more mechanical.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>THUNDERBEAT: You
know, they're kind of--
some have feelings with
this robotic feeling
at the same time.
Well, these pink ones did not.
Then I've met bird beings there.
They're-- his name was Sulu.
He said that he was my
left rank commander.
>>NOORY: When you say "bird
beings," they look like birds?
>>THUNDERBEAT: He had white
hair for feathers-- feathers
for white hair or whatever.
And he had-- he looked
human, but he had the pink--
more of a pinkish skin.
>>NOORY: It wasn't a costume?
It was him?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Him.
Oh, it's him.
And his eyes were golden
triangles pointing down.
And his pupils were like
beams of light coming out.
A friend of mine actually
painted a picture of him
and got very close to
what he looked like.
And then I've met--
we're talking just Sirius
A. I met the Golden ones,
they call them.
They're beautiful, shining
light, all full of gold.
And they don't really
even have faces.
They just glow this
golden glow light.
>>NOORY: There's always been
a lot of talk about the Sirius
star system because we get a
lot of reports of ET activity
from that star system.
Now, on Gaia's
"Initiation" program,
Matías De Stefano talks about
the relationship between
humans, which is what you are--
[LAUGHTER] --and
those from Sirius.
>>THUNDERBEAT: OK.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- For the people of Earth,
Sirius is like our other sun.
We have our own sun,
but Sirius was always
the guide of our sun.
So everything that we do in
our system is guided by them.
We call them the
mother star or as we
call the sun the father star.
So both of them, the mother
and the father, and our--
we're always in connection,
because Sirian people,
they had personal influence
and personal purposes
in our system.
Because even if we are
not exactly the same,
they had this idea
from the Confederation
that this planet is one of
the most prepared planets
to receive all the genetics
from the whole galaxy
and to prepare every
species to be aware of who
we are as a galaxy.
So that's why they had
this personal interest
in this planet.
And they are trying to guide
us from since long time ago,
and humans and
Sirians were really
attached at the beginning
of our civilizations.
They were the ones
teaching us how
to build the pyramids,
how to build the temples,
how to handle sound technology.
So they were our
teachers, the ones
that help us to
understand the universe.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Do you agree with him?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Oh, absolutely.
That's what I'm
talking about also.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: How would he know this?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Well, I
don't know him personally.
Maybe he visited there.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Could he be from
that star system too?
>>THUNDERBEAT: I'm not sure.
But it's Sirius A. A lot of
people talk about Sirius B.
It's a big difference.
And they live inside the sun.
>>NOORY: We've got some stills
I want to look at and have
you go through them for us.
Let's look at our first one
and tell us what this is.
>>THUNDERBEAT: That's Sulu,
who I was talking about.
He is the bird being.
>>NOORY: That's him.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah, that's him.
He's got white
feathers for hair.
That's actually white feathers.
And he has triangle,
golden eyes pointing down.
But he looks human.
And that's his
emblem down there.
It's like "Star Trek"
has their emblem.
That's the Sirian
commander emblem,
and he works with the
Sirian council of light.
>>NOORY: How old
would you say he is?
>>THUNDERBEAT: That's--
I never thought of that.
I don't know.
He looks very, very young.
They look very--
they're very energized.
They're higher vibration.
They supposed to be 6D, six
dimensional, six density.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
That's what they told me.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
look at our next picture
of a purple-type alien.
What is this?
>>THUNDERBEAT:
This is like the--
similar to the tall Golden
ones, the triangle beings.
But this one I
met-- he's shorter.
>>NOORY: Is it alive or a robot?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Alive.
Oh, yeah.
The way they maneuver is they
float, and then they bounce.
And they float, and they bounce.
And even-- doesn't matter
the density of the air
or out in space, but
they can maneuver.
And his purpose--
how I met him--
before they actually
took me up in the ship
and brought me to
Sirius A and stopped me
before we got into Sirius
A and was transferring me
into a different ship.
And before they transferred
me into a different ship,
he came and did a
circle around me.
And I said, what is he doing?
And he said, he's looking
for immoral implants.
>>NOORY: Immoral--
what's an immoral--
>>THUNDERBEAT: Immoral implant.
>>NOORY: What is
an immoral implant?
>>THUNDERBEAT: That
means a negative implant,
if somebody implants you
with a negative device.
It is not allowed.
>>NOORY: Like a listening
device or a tracking device
or something?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Could be
any of that-- all of that,
actually-- anything negative--
something negative that
could maneuver you being
a different person, AI.
So they make sure there's
no negative immoral implants
in you before you
go to Sirius A.
>>NOORY: What if there is?
They extract it?
>>THUNDERBEAT:
They take them out.
>>NOORY: Next picture
is an angelic alien.
Let's look at this one.
Tell us about this one, Devara.
>>THUNDERBEAT: This is the
Golden ones I'm talking about.
They're full of golden light.
The energy of them--
that golden light
fills the room.
Their light fills the room.
And it's just
beautiful, pure light.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
look at our last picture here.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Those are--
>>NOORY: Typical
alien Grey, right?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah,
that is the pink ones.
They're actually pink,
and they look like Greys.
But they're pink.
And they're a whole
different energy.
They have feelings and emotions,
like some of the Greys do not.
Yeah, so that's
what they look like.
But they're pink.
>>NOORY: Are they friendly?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes.
Absolutely.
They're very loving.
All of them are loving, happy.
There's no energy of fear,
negativity, negative thoughts
on--
>>NOORY: Wow, that's great.
>>THUNDERBEAT: --yeah,
on Sirius A that I ever
felt or experienced.
>>NOORY: You've had angelic
experiences, too, haven't you?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Tell me about that.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
Well, let's see.
My first one was
when I was overnight
in the Great Pyramid of Egypt.
I did an activation in there.
And as soon as I
finished the activation--
I play drums, also, and--
>>NOORY: Oh, you do?
OK.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah, and I did
an activation for the pyramid.
And then archangel Gabriel
showed up, appeared,
and he says to me,
color, light, sound.
Seven is a sacred number.
Seven is the sacred number.
Color, light, sound.
He kept repeating this
over and over again.
So I said, oh, OK, he's
talking about the seven
colors of the rainbow, which
are associated with the chakras.
And he's telling me there
is a different sound
to activate each chakra.
That's what I got from it.
This is in 1997.
This is before people had chakra
CDs out or anything like that.
So I came home.
I said, I'm excited.
I'm going to write
this CD, and it's
going to be called
"Chakra Journey."
And he came with me home
to my house in Sedona
and helped me write the CD,
giving me the activation
tones for each chakra.
>>NOORY: Is there, in
your mind, a difference
between angels and ETs?
Or are they the same?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Well, I
think they're all ETs.
It's just the
angels hover closer
to the Earth, the ones
that are helping here.
And I have actually
seen some with wings.
My Native American side, we
call them from the bird tribe.
And they have dedicated
themselves to help humanity.
So they are here--
the good angels.
So that's the difference.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>THUNDERBEAT: The ETs
live light years away.
The angels are just right here.
>>NOORY: Are they
constantly trying
to teach us how to be godlike?
>>THUNDERBEAT: No.
It's more like
they're here to help.
And they can only help
us if we ask because it's
a freewill zone area.
The Earth is of
freewill zone area.
So they're not allowed to
intrude unless we ask for help.
Then they come and help us.
>>NOORY: Now, the Essenes
wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls.
On Gaia's "Ascension
Keepers," William Henry
talks about the
Essenes, but questioning
whether they lived with angels.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Oh.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- My research reveals that
all the Essene communities
were ascension centers
where celestial beings found
safe harbor and
taught humans how
to perfect themselves and
transform into angels.
In other words,
they taught humans
how to wear their robes
of light and to ascend.
The Essenes answered
the question,
can a human become an
angel, with a specific plan
for mass perfection or
transformation and ascension.
As we have seen,
ascension and perfection
are interchangeable
terms for the Essenes.
In addition to
perfection, scholars
referred to this transformation
as angelamorphism,
or human transformation
into an angel.
Becoming an angel and ascending
is the one goal, they believe,
that takes care of all
other goals or intentions.
The Essenes claim they
possess this knowledge of how
to make or transform
humans into holy ones
and to change our
state of existence
by illuminating the world.
And if we accept that
the Essenes were living
among angels and
extraterrestrials,
the next logical question
is, who were these angels,
or what kind of
angels were they?
The answer is they are known
as the Angels of the Lord,
or the Watchers.
Early mystical Hebrew sects
organized these angels
into an archangel hierarchy.
This is the origins of the
spiritual hierarchy idea.
According to this
system, the watchers
are the highest angels
possible and were ruled over
by four of their own--
the great angels known as
Michael, Gabriel, Raphael,
and Uriel.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Investigative
mythologist William Henry
is one of the best.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do you think
of what he just said?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Wonderful.
It's just perfect.
And I feel that a
human being, once they
become like an
archangel, they volunteer
or they prepare themselves.
It's like, OK, yes,
I want to help now.
I want to help
humanity from above.
So you actually volunteer
to be an angel, you know?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Well, Devara, tell
us about your work in healing.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Oh, I do a lot of
sound healing and actually work
with the colors of the
rainbow, chakras, and--
>>NOORY: Is that your
specialty, would you say?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Pardon?
>>NOORY: Is that a
specialty of yours?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
A lot of people
do sound healing.
But I do it with the
chakras because each chakra
has the activational key to
open up either your centers--
and each center is an energy
and a knowledge and a purpose.
So you're holding a lot of
knowledge and information
in there.
And if it's blocked,
the sound will actually
open up and release and
clear out that chakra
and activate you as a
full being of awareness,
because each one is
a psychic ability.
Each chakra is an awareness of
who you are, why you're here.
And then I also do the
22 DNA activations.
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>THUNDERBEAT: That was
another angel that came to me.
His name was Metatron.
And I was reading "The Keys
of Enoch" from JJ Hurtak.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>THUNDERBEAT: I was
actually studying it
because that's a book you study.
>>NOORY: It's a great book.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
Oh, incredible.
But yeah, you don't
just read that book.
You study that book.
And I was studying it.
And after about a week of
reading it and studying it,
I woke up one
morning, and archangel
Metatron announces
himself, started
vibrating my head and body.
[IMITATES VIBRATION]
And he said--
he announced himself.
And he said, your
number is 2022030.
And I'm like, what?
What are you talking about?
It took me a while
to put it together.
It was the keys in
"The Keys of Enoch."
2022030 is three or four pages,
and it talks about the 22
DNA/RNA golden light codes.
And he said, this is
my work that I chose
to do when I came down here.
So now I do that work.
>>NOORY: Why does music have
such an effect on the body?
>>THUNDERBEAT:
It's frequencies--
frequencies, sound.
Each sound has its own
knowledge and frequency.
Each sound has its own color.
We just can't see it
when you're hearing it.
But color and sound
have knowledge,
and they activate
you in a certain way.
Each tone, each
key, each frequency
affects your body,
mind, and soul.
>>NOORY: That's why some
people, when they meditate, hum.
It works.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Om.
You know, that brings
out your crown chakra,
brings you up to source.
>>NOORY: It's a
vibration, right?
>>THUNDERBEAT: It's a vibration,
and it brings you up to source.
So it helps you with connection
with the all-knowing.
>>NOORY: How often do you
use music in your work?
>>THUNDERBEAT: All the
time, all the time.
>>NOORY: All the time?
>>THUNDERBEAT:
Yeah, I have many--
I have about 14 CDs
out, all activational.
Every single one is totally
different from each other
for different purposes.
>>NOORY: Do the tones do
different things to people?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Mhm, yeah.
It takes them on journeys,
helps them remember past lives,
helps them, like I said,
remember who they are,
why they're here,
triggers their memory,
healing, all kinds of
different activation.
I have an ascension CD that
raises their frequency.
Let's say, if a
person is extremely--
ascension works for
depression, also--
sadness and all the
heaviness that's
going on here on the planet--
raises your vibration.
And, oh, I can breathe again.
I'm happy.
Instead of like, oh,
this again today?
So it raises your vibration.
>>NOORY: Well, how does the
sound affect our consciousness?
>>THUNDERBEAT: It's
through vibration.
That's the best way
I can explain it.
You have to experience it.
>>NOORY: But when you do that,
what happens to the body?
>>THUNDERBEAT: It heals.
It actually kind of puts its
cellular memory back together--
your cells of who you are
and your perfect status
of who you are.
And we're bombarded
here with pollution,
bad foods, bad water.
That all messes up your
DNA and your cellular--
>>NOORY: Big time.
>>THUNDERBEAT: --structure.
So this actually rejuvenates
it, clears it out,
and rejuvenates you again
back to your true form.
>>NOORY: Gaia program
called "Sound of Creation"
backs up exactly
what you're saying.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Oh, wow.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- When we think about how sound
affects our consciousness,
we have the ability, through
chanting, through meditation,
through song, to amplify our
thoughts to a greater degree
than perhaps most realize.
And in amplifying
our thoughts, we're
having a direct effect on not
only our own consciousness
but the consciousness
of everyone
that we come into contact with.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- It was found that
when we use music,
it tremendously increase
our mental abilities.
So music is not
just for relaxation.
It's not just for fun.
But it's much more than that.
With music, we can much easier
transform to higher states
of consciousness.
- You play a national
anthem, and people
are ready to march into battle
and lay down their lives.
So music affects
us dramatically.
It's almost like
we're-- in our culture,
we're programmed by our music.
Just imagine if we
can actually apply
this in a way that is directed
at navigating or directing
our culture into a higher
frequency or vibration.
That's where we're at right now.
- Music, in general,
listening or playing,
is one of the few
things that can light up
the whole brain simultaneously,
as seen on an EEG scan.
This can cause the
consciousness to harmonize
as we can use more of
our total brain capacity
in these coherent states.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Music really is
astounding to the body,
isn't it?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Edgar
Cayce said music will
be the healing for the future.
>>NOORY: There was the
late doctor, Emoto,
who did some experiments
with what I would call
pleasant music and harsh music.
And he used water
crystals as his test.
>>THUNDERBEAT: He did.
>>NOORY: What he did
is he played music,
bombarding the water--
I would say, nice music--
froze it, looked
under a microscope,
and the structure of the
frozen water was gorgeous.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Just perfect.
And then he did the same
thing with harsh music.
Looked under a microscope, and
it was totally discombobulated.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How does that happen?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Through
frequencies, you know?
[VOCALIZING]
>>NOORY: What does
that do to us?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Same thing,
because we're made of, what,
85%, 90%, something--
>>NOORY: Water.
>>THUNDERBEAT: --like water.
Yeah.
Yeah, something like that.
And so, yes, we're
totally affected by it.
>>NOORY: How do you
create your sounds?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Very-- well,
using different instruments--
tuning forks, crystal bowls,
keyboards, drumming, chimes.
I used many
different instruments
depending on what I'm creating.
>>NOORY: Now, you have also done
some work with the pyramids.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes.
>>NOORY: Tell me your
involvement with that.
>>THUNDERBEAT:
Basically, a spirit
told me in 1997 when I
went to the Great Pyramids
to bring my drum to
activate the pyramids.
And they said, the pyramids
have been dormant for eons.
So I said, OK.
And they said--
>>NOORY: And then what
do they mean by that?
>>THUNDERBEAT: What
they needed activated
was the generators down below.
There's actually
generators down below.
This is what they told me.
And I think they're
just finding--
>>NOORY: Below the pyramids?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
I think they're just
finding this out now.
And I've been talking about
this for 20 years now.
And--
>>NOORY: Like electric
generators, things like that?
>>THUNDERBEAT: I think
they're more like crystal.
I don't know that information.
But what I do know is they said
I activated the pyramids, which
helped stabilize the Earth from
shifting her axes dramatically.
>>NOORY: I had heard that.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
So this is one of the purposes.
So when I went back the
second time to Egypt,
I brought a group,
and we were toning.
I brought my tuning
forks at that time.
And spirit said, use the tuning
forks for heaven and Earth,
which I already--
I know what they are-- the
keys for the heaven and Earth.
And I did.
And all of a sudden, we were all
chanting and toning that keys,
and Tibetan monks
started chanting with us.
And you couldn't see them.
Everyone heard them.
>>NOORY: Where were
they coming from?
>>THUNDERBEAT: That's
what I was wondering.
And there's a
temple guard there.
And I asked the temple guard--
I said, do you have
speakers in here?
He says, no.
You did it.
You activated the pyramid.
And we all heard this--
there was like a dozen--
that's what it sounded like.
It sounded like a dozen
chanting monks, Tibetan monks.
That sound is the best
way I can describe it.
I don't know.
But that's what happened.
>>NOORY: The pyramids, like
the Mayan pyramids, the Great
Pyramids, they're all similar.
Were they constructed
by the same people?
>>THUNDERBEAT: That's
a good question.
I'm getting a yes
and a no, actually.
They're similar designs and
the same-- similar purposes
and knowledges.
But each one has
its own purpose.
>>NOORY: Like, what
would a function be?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Well,
basically, like I was saying,
for activating and connecting
the Earth to the other star
systems-- because we
are all one, you know?
And when we're not connected,
then we get separated,
and our energy shifts.
Like the planet Earth,
it is a lower frequency.
It can actually be
a higher frequency.
But right now it's starting to
shift into a higher frequency.
So the pyramids help with that.
And the pyramids,
they really stabilize
the Earth and connection
with the other star systems.
>>NOORY: On the "Galactic
Messages" program,
there's an explanation about
the purposes of the pyramids.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Oh, OK.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Some pyramids don't even
need to have complex mechanisms
inside, as they work with
vibrational synchronicity
reflecting and vibrating
to the same frequency
other pyramids vibrate to.
With that, they also
contribute to sustain
their planetary frequency
and also augment
the power-producing efficiency
of those that do have
electric components inside.
The pyramids are frequency
generators placed there
at the same time as the moon.
They have to take part on
the creation of the matrix.
But under Federation
control, they
could be capable of removing
the lunar matrix by changing
their frequencies and mingling
with the ones of the moon,
in a very real way
providing a way
to control the
frequency of the Earth
without having to go
all the way to the moon.
Those are the main
functions of the pyramid.
They were built for
those specific purposes
from the very beginning.
Also, note that
some pyramids were
built as monuments to pyramids.
I mean, they don't do
much, only be there.
The true purpose of
the Great Pyramids
is to augment the potential
of everyone who is inside them
for interstellar travel at will.
Astral flight, with or
without the physical body,
remains the same.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Do you agree
with all of that?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Absolutely.
I was saying the--
>>NOORY: You do?
>>THUNDERBEAT: --same thing.
>>NOORY: Same thing?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I have a picture
I want you to tell us--
it has to do with a beam.
And let's see what this is.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah, this is
actually from my Mayan CD.
When I was down the first
time in the Mayan lands--
>>NOORY: That's
the Mayan pyramid?
>>THUNDERBEAT: That's
the Mayan pyramid, yeah.
>>NOORY: What's
floating above it?
>>THUNDERBEAT: That is a
ship activating the pyramid.
So in 1998, when I first
went down to the Mayan lands,
that's the vision I saw.
I said, they're going
to be coming in 2012.
The ships are going
to be coming in 2012
to activate the pyramids
all over the world.
And that's what I
saw, them beaming
a light in the pyramids.
>>NOORY: Wow.
At the same time?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
And I said this in 1998.
And it started
happening in 2011.
A Mayan shaman saw my CD
cover in 11-11-11 conference
I was at, and he said,
this is what's happening.
This is happening now.
This is what's happening.
And I said, I saw that.
I kept seeing that vision.
So then I wrote this CD and
had that picture on there
to show the prophecy.
>>NOORY: Devara, what do you
have to say to our "Beyond
Belief" audience who's watching
this program right now, going,
wow!
>>THUNDERBEAT: [LAUGHS] Yeah,
well, they're here helping us.
And like I said, we have
beautiful star family,
and they don't
interfere unless we ask.
And one important
thing I want to say
is they have been helping us.
So they said they're
going to make sure
that we do not
blow up this planet
like another planet in our--
>>NOORY: Let's hope.
>>THUNDERBEAT: --in
our solar system.
They stopped the
nuclear weapons.
They dismantle them.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>THUNDERBEAT: They do that.
I've been talking about
that for a long time.
>>NOORY: They've
done that before.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yes.
And there is a--
they were making sure that
we don't blow ourselves up
like a planet in our
solar system called
Maldek, which is our
asteroid belt between Mars--
>>NOORY: Mars and Jupiter.
>>THUNDERBEAT: --and Jupiter.
Exactly.
They said, we're making sure
that you guys don't do that.
And otherwise, they
cannot interfere.
They have actually helped
clean up the planet, too,
of the pollution.
They said, in the '60s,
it was such bad pollution,
it was killing the
planet, that they actually
came and helped to clean it up.
Otherwise, it would have been
a dead planet, they told me.
>>NOORY: So they
do get involved?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Yeah.
Only if they have
to, but they don't
want to interrupt-- only
to make sure that we
don't destroy ourselves.
>>NOORY: How do
people track you down?
>>THUNDERBEAT: Thunderbeat.com.
>>NOORY: Thunderbeat?
>>THUNDERBEAT: B-E-A-T,
thunderbeat.com.
>>NOORY: Devara--
>>THUNDERBEAT: Devara.
>>NOORY: --thank you for
being on the program.
>>THUNDERBEAT:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Fascinating discussion.
>>THUNDERBEAT: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]